#### Question 2

  Cloud Deployment has several benefits as well as several negative outcomes 
for its use. It can help protect privacy, shift the physical infrastructure needs 
and be a safe way of separating local and virtual data. In my project, I used 
the cloud entirely for the deployment of my server. The way I connected the system 
was all through the initial Jumpbox. Once ssh’d into that you could then
access the various different components in the virtual structure. In order to 
keep this secure, I build my firewall very specifically so that connections to the 
network is blocked unless from connection to all IP addresses except my personal IP 
I used to build the VN. This hence kept the other servers safe from most attacks.

  The way I configured this was through a combination of load balancer rules 
and network security groups. Through the use of NSGs I was able to apply 
the same security rules to multiple VMs, therefore, saving time without losing 
security for building individual rule sets for each VM. I did this by allowing the 
NSG for jumpbox, Web 1, Web 2, and Web 3, to allow SSH only from the IP 
of my personal network to the jumpbox’s IP with TCP protocols. Following 
that I allowed the load balancer to be able to allow my personal IP to connect 
to its IP address with TCP protocols once again. While then denying all other 
traffic to the network. The other NSG I created was for my Elk VM. This game 
me access to port 5601 so that I was able to use Kibana to monitor my 
system. I didn’t want to unlock this port for all of my VMs however, being this 
would leave more ports open than absolutely needed leaving a security 
concern. I still needed to be able to connect all the VMs together tho so they 
can SSH over the virtual network

  The solution I created however scaleable can be done an easier way for a 
large corporate structure through a VPN being you would only have to 
connect to the network to gain access to these different machines. VPNs are 
far easier to use for scaling however are more complex to initially set up and 
for the size of my project I didn’t see the need. The benefits to using them 
however they are typically much more secure even if they are broken into. 
VPNs are best used to protect data from multiple locations where you can’t 
always control everything in a network such as BIOB policies.