####Question 1
  
  Ensuring SSH traffic is limited to the individuals who need to have access is critical to
the security of not just information of the servers, but the continued operation of them itself. 
A way I limited this was only allowing SSH from the web into a specific jump box limited by 
the firewall to my personal IP address and from there, then gave the ability to SSH into the 4 
different servers via that jump box server. That way you cannot gain access to the system 
unless your logging in directly to that jump box. This is important because it limits avenues of 
attack and ensures only individuals on my IP that are trying to log into the jump box 
specifically have access to the system. Any other attempted logins would be denied with a 
“timed out” error message. This is because those other servers do not have direct ssh 
access to port 22 from the internet and can only be accessed via the jump box.

  If there was an issue where one or all of the other machines was accepting ssh 
connections it would most likely be due to a flat configuration of the firewalls rules. It would 
be best to then double-check the rules that allow ssh connections into the network and the 
deny all rule, making sure that only the exceptions I made in the firewall would be let 
through. The best way to test this would be through trying to both ssh into the jumpbox via a 
different IP address as well as attempting to ssh’ing into any of the other VM’s.


  The first step would be to look into the Network Security Group and see which rules 
regulate ssh traffic into the network. Once in the NSG rules I would then look into the configuration
of the rules that allow SSH connections and check the source and destination IP’s as well as 
the ports that allow ssh connections to the network.

  The best way to then test the rules have taken effect is to simply try to connect to the various 
VM’s this can be done by attempting SSH’s both from my personal IP and a different IP. the 
only valid connection should be the SSH from my personal machine into the jumpbox.
This of course does not leave the system immune to attack and unauthorized access. 
It simply limits the avenues of breaking into the system that still indeed can be 
brute-forced through. A way we can monitor this however is through the configuration 
of services running to Kibana this will be able to be monitored, hence giving us the 
ability to respond before the attack is successful. 